---
id: 1.5.example-usecase
title: Example Usecase
sidebar_label: Example Usecase
slug: /example-usecase
---

## Problem
Alice runs a web app where users can create an account. She has trouble to encourage her users to provide more information in their user profiles, but she doesn't want to make the fields obligatory. 

Most users of her app look quite anonymous and this has a negative impact on all social activity in her app.

## Solution

Alice learns about THX and she plans to offer a reward to users that complete their user profiles. Before she can do se she needs to ask herself a couple of questions:

### 1. What reward currency will be used?
Alice decides to reward her users with the `ABC Token`.

### 2. What is a fair reward size?
Alice calculates that the added social value in her application is worth `40 ABC` per user.

### 3. What are the reward conditions?
Alice decides to give a reward to every user that fills in at least the following fields in her profile form: `firstName`, `lastName`, `email`, `birthDate`, `profession`, `company`.

## Registration

Alice registers her THX account and obtains her client credentials. She authorizes with the API to obtain her access token. Whenever her token expires she will requests a new one.

## Preparation

1. She deploys her ABC pool and stores the address for later use.
2. She configures a reward for profile completion with a size of `40 ABC`.
3. She deposits 2000 ABC in her asset pool and automatically pays a 1% fee over her deposit. 

She keeps track of the asset pool balance and refills it periodically. She plans to automate this process soon.

## Integration

To be able to transfer rewards from her asset pool to her users she needs to onboard them to the THX API. This will create a (temporary) wallet and provide an address to transfer rewards to. The onboarded users will be able to access this wallet and reclaim ownership in a later stage.

Her development tasks look like this:

1. Call API to create an account for the user 
2. Store the returned wallet address
3. Verify if the reward conditions are met
4. Call API to transfer the reward to the wallet address
5. (optional) Call API to send a THX Web Wallet invitation to the user so the user can claim ownership

## Release

When the integration is released Alice notices an increase in the amount of completed profiles. She decides to configure and integrate more rewards for other user interactions in her app. Her users show the wanted behavior and seem happy with the rewards they earn. They inform eachother about available rewards and compare their balances.

## Future plans

1. Alice want to create a leaderboard to offer insight into valued users.
2. She extends user profiles with information about the rewards earned. 
3. She creates special sections in her app where only users that obtained specific rewards can have access to.
4. She lets users deposit earned ABC back into the pool in exchange for access to premium content