---
id: 6.2.twitter
title: Twitter 
slug: conditional_rewards/twitter
---

:::info
Warning, using this functionality is at your own risk. Automated rewards potentially can conflict with Twitter user policy, section [Pay to Engage](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy). Make sure you construct your app or reward rules in such a way that complies with Twitter's policy. THX Network is not liable for any potential damages resulting from third party terms of service or user policy violations"
:::

## Supported conditional rewards
Current Twitter engagements that can be rewarded are:
- Liking a specific Tweet (Validation is limited to the last 100 likes)
- Retweet a specific Tweet
- Following your Twitter account (Validation is limited to the last 5000 followers)

## Connect with Twitter
Before setting up your conditional reward, make sure to connect your Twitter account by navigating to Integrations in your dashboard. Connect using your Twitter acount that you want to set up your reward for.

## Setting up a conditional reward
Rewards are configured for each individual token pool you've created in your dashboard. After creating a pool, click on it from your homescreen and navigate to Rewards and click on Create Reward. You'll get the option to 

## Conditional reward settings
When creating the reward you can choose the amount of tokens you want to reward the user with. Make sure to determine this amount beforehand, as it can't be changed later. You can also choose if you want your users to be able to collect the reward once or multiple times. For most use cases selecting the reward once option is advised. 