---
id: 7.pricing
title: Pricing
slug: /pricing
---

## Payments

You can find the pricing on [our pricing page](https://thx.network/pricing). The monthly fee covers gas costs and the work the core team puts in onboarding users and helping them launch their engagement tokens and NFTs. We accept EUR, USD and crypto payments. In all cases you receive a monthly invoice. You have the following options for payments. 

### EUR 

You receive an invoice which includes payment options through wire (IBAN), iDEAL/Bancontact/SOFORT and creditcard. 

### USD

You receive an invoice with a payment option by creditcard.

### Crypto (ETH, MATIC, USDC and EURS, jEUR, agEUR)

We’re launching our payment gateway soon. For now complete your payment by depositing into one of the addresses below and send us an email on info@thx.network. Within one working day your pool will be activated. 

```
Ethereum 0x4a30c80A2c41312ce4ee79f730C8D84cAD9f7B31
Polygon 0x802505465CB707c9347B9631818e14f6066f7513
```

## Token fee (2,5%)

We believe in the success of our protocol users and of the ownership economy, enabled by tokens, as a whole. That’s why we align our success with the success of our creators and communities. The protocol charges a 2,5% fee on engagement tokens and NFT sales. When you’re successful, our network is successful! 

How does this fee work? Let’s examine a few common scenarios; 

- Mint your own token; on rewarding a user, and therefor withdrawal from the pool, 2,5% additional tokens are deposited in the Protocol Fee collector
- Existing token; on topping up your account, a deposit is made to the pool on which 2,5% is deducted and deposited in the Protocol Fee collector
- On NFT sale using crypto; the payment is deposited into the users pool, and 2,5% is deducted from the payment and deposited in the Protocol Fee collector

More formally speaking this translates into the following fees on these token and system interactions; 

|User Action|Protocol Fee||
|-|-|-|
|Pool Deposit|2.5% on Deposit| Applies when topping up your pool with ERC20 tokens.|
|Token Reward|2.5% on Withdrawal|Applies when withdrawing an ERC20 token reward in Web Wallet.|
|NFT Reward|-|No fees apply since no value could be determined for this action.|
|Promotion Redeem|2.5% on Deposit|Applies when redeeming ERC20 for a promotion in Web Wallet.|
|NFT Redeem|2.5% on Deposit|Applies when redeeming ERC20 for an NFT in Web Wallet.|
|Payment Gateway|2.5% on Deposit|Applies when paying with THX Payment Gateway in third-party software.|

In the long run, we believe the bulk of the protocol earnings will originate from protocol fees which are split between the company running the core team and the community led protocol and treasury.  
